4.4 release page (#1010)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_4/entry-platforms-android-javaclasswrapper-fixed.md

---
type: entry
section: platforms
subsection: android
rank: 1
importance: 4
anchor: javaclasswrapper-fixed
title: <span class="code-highlight basetype">JavaClassWrapper</span> fixed
blockquote: Time for a fresh brew
text: |

>   You can now map Java classes to Godot objects as an interface. This gives easier access to the Android SDK and lets you avoid creating a plugin for even the most basic things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can now map Java classes to Godot objects as an interface. Combined with the bundled AndroidRuntime plugin, this provides easier access to the Android SDK and lets you avoid creating a plugin for even the most basic things.
```
